[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku unleashed his
most powerful attacks yet
on Majin Buu,
but not one of them
had any effect
on the feral beast.
It's just so hard
when he keeps coming at me!
I only need a minute!
One minute, that's all!
Fine. Then I'll make
my stand against him
for the next minute.
And while he's occupied,
you power up!
[NARRATOR]
As Goku charged up,
Vegeta tried his best
to distract Buu.
But even after a minute had
passed, Goku still wasn't ready.
Just when it seemed Vegeta
couldn't hold out much longer,
an unlikely hero
entered the fray.
Well, well, well.
I sit back for a short rest
and you go cuckoo-crazy!
Don't tell me you really
thought the mighty
world champion Mr. Satan
would tolerate Majin Buu
destroying Earth and
then the very universe itself!
What the hell's he doing?
He can't help us.
He should have
stayed under his rock.
[MR. SATAN babbles]
Look at this!
You want some of this?
[KID BUU growling]
Let's do this!
[KID BUU yells]
[NARRATOR] Will Mr. Satan
shock the universe
by saving it? Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[KID BUU yells]
[MR. SATAN] Eeeh!
I think I'd like to wake up now!
[KID BUU yells]
[MR. SATAN]
I'm so sorry!
[KID BUU growls]
Please, I didn't mean
any of that stuff!
I was just fooling around,
you know?
Showing off,
playing the big shot,
trying to look
like a hero! Really!
That's incredible!
Mr. Satan's able
to dodge Buu's attacks!
[laughs]
Way to go!
I underestimated you!
[MR. SATAN]
Pretty please, forgive me!
[KID BUU growls]
[screams]
[KID BUU laughing]
Eh? Huh?
[yelling]
What is it? You got
a migraine or somethin'?
[KID BUU yelling, screaming]
Uh. I don't suppose
you're intimidated
by my greatness?
[laughing]
That's it! It's my power!
Oh, yeah! I shoulda known!
[KID BUU groaning]
[MR. SATAN laughing]
You're scared! I don't blame ya!
My raw strength
is too much for anyone!
[laughing]
[GOKU]
That's weird.
Something does seem
to be wrong with Buu.
It's like he's in pain.
Could Mr. Satan actually have
some kind of power
I'm not sensing?
[VEGETA]
Hey! Kakarot!
What are you waiting for?
Now's your chance!
Charge your energy
while he's distracted!
Duh! What do you
think I'm doing?
[yells]
--[MR. SATAN laughs]
--[KID BUU groans]
[KID BUU groaning]
[gasps]
Eeh! Wha--? Buu?!
[panting]
What just happened?
[ELDER KAI] I don't have the
foggiest clue what's goin' on!
I think I get it.
That pudgier Buu was
quite fond of Mr. Satan,
and though he was
no longer attached directly
to this purely evil one,
he was still inside him.
That must have been
enough to keep this Buu
from attacking his old friend.
Yeah, that would
explain why this Buu
spat out the butterball--
he doesn't want anything
holding him back.
Oh, well. If that
makes it open season
on this Mr. Satan fellow,
it's no big loss.
Don't be so callous!
Sure, he is rather
full of himself,
and he's not
particularly bright,
and doesn't practice
the best hygiene,
but he is the last
remaining human being.
For now.
[MR. SATAN]
Buu!
Buu! Come on, get up!
You have to wake up, Buu!
[MR. SATAN sobs]
[BEE whines]
Please. You gotta get up now!
Buu!
Oh, Buu! You are
too sweet for this world!
I can't-- I can't bear
to see you like this!
How dare you!
You are... goin' down!
Prepare to meet your doom!
Cause' the champ is about to
beat you down to a bloody pulp!
[laughing]
Whoa. What's this guy's deal?
You want a piece of me?
I'm warning you,
it is not gonna be pretty!
[KID BUU laughing]
[MR. SATAN]
I'm way too strong for you!
Well, if that's what you want.
If you're really that eager
to get your butt kicked,
then let's do this!
Come on, bring it!
[KID BUU grunting, laughing]
[MR. SATAN]
This is my dream, after all.
Which means
there's no way in heck
I can possibly
lose this fight! Hm!
[KID BUU chuckles]
Ooooooh!
[grunting, yelling]
[yells]
[panting]
How's that?
Have you learned your lesson?
[KID BUU chuckles]
[MR. SATAN yelps, groans]
Oh man, it stings!
It really stings!
Dreams aren't
supposed to hurt this bad!
[KID BUU laughs]
[yells]
[MR. SATAN hollers]
Enough already!
Give it a rest, okay?
If you're trying to make me
even angrier, it's working!
You must really
want me to punish you!
If you're gonna apologize,
now's the time!
[laughing]
[grunting]
All right, I get it.
You're not the most
verbal of people.
Well, I forgive you.
I mean, I may be
personally to blame
for some of the
escalating tensions here.
[chuckles nervously]
Eeek!
[MR. SATAN hollers]
[KID BUU grunts]
[GOKU gasps]
What? He's back?
[MR. SATAN gasps]
[BEE barking]
[panting]
[BUU chuckles]
You're alive!
[growls]
You a big meanie.
You no pick on Buu's friend!
Buu! I don't believe it!
It's really you!
[sobbing]
What's taking you so darn long?
Shouldn't you be done by now?
Yeah, I should be ready.
But... something's wrong.
I've had enough time
to recover my energy
to just about full power.
But, I can't hold it--the energy
I've stored keeps draining!
Draining? What do you mean?
[KID BUU yells]
[BUU hollers]
[BUU]
Ooh!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[BUU hollers]
[groans]
[BUU]
Hmm!
[KID BUU growling]
Come on, you've got to figure
something out, Kakarot!
We're running out of time here.
This is it. We won't get
a better opportunity.
Surely he's built up
enough energy by now!
Damn it all! What's wrong?
I don't get it. This shouldn't
be happening to me.
No! My power!
I can feel it!
It's slipping away!
Huh? What the--?
[ALL gasp]
This-This can't be!
[KID BUU grunts]
[MR. SATAN hollers]
Buu!
[laughing]
[growls]
[chuckles]
Oh. Thank goodness!
That's using your head, Buu!
Now hang in there!
And let the other guy
really have it! Yeah!
What Buu do?
Buu no can win this.
Well, it looks as though
this has just turned into
the worst-case scenario.
[GOKU breathing heavily]
[KID BUU grunts]
Buu!
[growls]
Hey! Go get him. Do it!
[barking]
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU breathing heavily]
Why-- You idiot!
Not only have you
failed miserably
at increasing your energy level,
but now you've turned back
to normal, too?
I'm sorry I let you down.
Ugh! Damn it all!
This thing was a total
piece of cake for me
back when I was dead.
But... it turns out...
...maintaining Super Saiyan 3
in a living body
burns through energy
a lot faster
than when you're just a spirit.
Hm! I'm tapped out.
So much for that plan.
[BUU]
Buu!
[KID BUU yells]
[BUU hollers, coughs]
--[MR. SATAN gasps]
--[BEE barking]
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[BUU yells, groans]
--[MR. SATAN gasps]
--[BEE barking]
[KID BUU laughing]
--[MR. SATAN] Buu!
--[BEE barking]
You bastard!
Get off of my friend!
[BEE barking]
Let go of him! Come on!
Let go of my friend right now,
you poisonous creep,
or else you'll
really be in for it!
[BUU]
Turn into chocolate!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[BUU screaming]
[KID BUU]
Unh-uh-uuuh!
[BUU grunts]
[KID BUU]
Unh--huh?
[BUU growling]
This is not looking good.
At this rate, won't be long
before this fight's over.
[BUU groans]
Hey, Supreme Kais and Dende!
Do you hear me?
I know you're watching
everything that's happening
on that little
crystal ball of yours!
[GOKU]
Huh?
[VEGETA]
Can you hear my voice or not?
If you can,
then say something, damn it!
[ALL gasp]
Yeah. We hear ya loud and clear.
That's good! Now go
to the restored Planet Namek
and gather together
all their Dragon Balls!
And be quick about it!
[DENDE] Um, Vegeta, what exactly
are you planning to--
[GOKU]
Uuuh.
Don't give me any flack,
just get it done now!
We're running out of time!
[ELDER KAI]
Not this Dragon Ball talk again!
[DENDE] He wouldn't ask
if there were another way.
Please, Supreme Kai,
take me there.
[ELDER KAI grunts]
Yeah, but...
I hate those things.
This is no time to get picky
about which tools we use
to save the universe!
What's the point of
maintaining natural laws
if there's nothing left?
All right. Fine,
cool your jets! Ugh!
All aboard for Planet Namek.
Nice. It sounds like
they're on their way.
Hey. Vegeta, what are you up to?
I know what you're thinking,
but Buu could just
wipe out everyone
all over again.
Look, Kakarot--
Tell me, how many times have you
saved the earth, do you think?
Huh? Uh, why are you
asking me that?
[VEGETA] Just answer me!
How many times?
Uh. Well, I'm not sure,
but I guess a lot.
[VEGETA] So then, why don't you
let the people of Earth
shoulder the burden for once?
[GOKU gasps]
So this is Planet Namek?
Uh. Yeah, I guess.
At least it should be.
Oh, it's Planet Namek!
There's no doubt about it!
And what's more, it's how--
[ELDER MOORI]
Are you surprised, Dende,
to see our world restored back
to the way it originally was?
[DENDE laughing]
[ELDER MOORI laughs]
[NAMEKIAN 63A]
Good to have you back!
[NAMEKIAN 63B]
Welcome home!
[NAMEKIAN 63C]
Look at you, all grown up now!
[DENDE]
You're all here!
It's been too long!
Oh, Elder Moori.
I'm glad to see you
looking so well!
You appear to be
doing well yourself, Dende.
You're looking quite
Kami-like if I may say so.
Oh. You're too kind!
I'm still so inexperienced.
And there's so much left
for me to learn
before I could ever
live up to that!
[ELDER KAI]
Ahem!
Sorry to break up
this touching reunion,
but can't it wait till after
we save the universe
from destruction?
Yes. Course, you're right.
Elder! I have a favor
to ask of you.
I'm afraid it's urgent.
Please, could you gather
the Dragon Balls?
We're in desperate need
of Porunga's help
and the fate of
the universe is at stake!
Dragon Balls you say? Really?
[ELDER MOORI sighs]
[DENDE] Has something happened
to the Dragon Balls?
--[ELDER MOORI grunts]
--[DENDE] Uh?
[ELDER MOORI]
Mmmm.
[NAMEKIANS cheering, laughing]
[DENDE laughs]
No need to worry, Elder Kai.
We've been monitoring
the situation.
Now, without further ado.
Huh? You've already
collected them all?
Thank you! You're the best!
[DENDE] Vegeta,
can you hear me? Vegeta!
We have all seven of
the Namekian Dragon Balls!
I repeat, we have
the Dragon Balls!
[VEGETA]
Well, that was fast.
All right, now I'm going
to need you to go ahead
and summon Porunga for me!
You got that?
[GOKU]
Huh?
There are two wishes
I want him to grant.
First, I want Earth restored
back to the way it was
before Buu destroyed it.
And second, I want
everyone who's been killed,
starting from the day of the
World Martial Arts Tournament
on, to be brought back to life.
You know, except for any
really bad people, obviously.
Think you can do that?
Uh. So, you want those
wishes now? You're sure?
[VEGETA]
Yes! Do it now!
[DENDE]
But, if we do, then...
--[VEGETA grunts]
--Dende, it's okay.
I don't know what it is exactly,
but Vegeta's got
some kind of plan,
so go ahead and do what he says.
[DENDE] All right, I will.
But what about the third wish?
What should we ask for?
I only care about the first two.
Do with the third what you want.
[GOKU] Hey Vegeta,
for that second wish,
wouldn't it be
a whole lot simpler
if you just asked to have
everybody who's been killed
by Buu brought back to life?
I mean, why make it
so confusing?
Hm! You fool!
If we phrase it like that,
the Dragon would be
forced to revive
bastards like
Babidi and Dabura, too!
And besides, it would
fail to bring back
all of those innocent
spectators that I myself
slaughtered during
the tournament.
Wow. You've really thought
this whole thing through now,
haven't you?
Ah! Aaaah!
No, I just realized something!
It-It won't work!
Porunga is only able to
resurrect one person at a time!
No, that can't be!
Oh, no! Now that you mention it,
I think that's true!
[VEGETA grunts]
[DENDE]
What do we do now?
It'll take forever to
bring back all of the people
who were killed one-by-one.
[ELDER MOORI laughing]
No need to worry, all right.
After everything
that happened with Frieza,
I made a few little upgrades
to the kinds of wishes
Porunga can grant.
[screams]
So the number he can save?
Aah! Unlimited.
This is just wrong!
Do you have any idea
how much you're messing
with the natural order?!
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[BUU hollering]
[BUU, KID BUU grunting]
[DENDE] Never mind what I said!
We're good to go!
Well, that's a relief.
Now, get to wishing!
Come forth, Porunga!
♪
[PORUNGA roaring]
[KIBITO KAI gasping]
Eeh! What the heck is that?
[ELDER MOORI]
Aaah...
Whoa. This is... Porunga?
I am summoned.
I shall grant you
any three wishes.
Now speak, and let your
desires be known to me.
[NARRATOR] Now that Porunga
has been summoned,
Vegeta's mysterious plan
can be put into motion.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
You know, Vegeta's pretty smart.
If I collect all that
spirit energy from Earth,
I just might be able
to win this fight after all!
[VEGETA]
Listen, people of Earth!
It's up to you
to defeat Majin Buu!
So put your powers
together right now!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Um, Vegeta, in the future,
you might want to try asking
them a little more nicely.